[Monitoring LS] Recommends collecting metricsets to fully visualize metrics on dashboards. (#17479)
elastic/logstash: docs/reference/dashboard-monitoring-with-elastic-agent.md

6. Configure the integration to collect metrics.

    * Make sure that **Metrics (Elastic Agent)** is enabled (default), and **Metrics (Stack Monitoring)** is turned off.

>     * Disabling certain metrics might result in incomplete dashboard visualizations. Therefore, we recommend collecting all metricsets.

Author: Interesting... UI shows big space gap here but in a reality not.

6. Configure the integration to collect metrics.

    * Make sure that **Metrics (Elastic Agent)** is turned on (default), and **Metrics (Stack Monitoring)** is turned off.

>    * Disabling certain metrics might result in incomplete dashboard visualizations. Therefore, we recommend collecting all metricsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For the best experience with the Logstash dashboards, we recommend collecting all of the metrics. Turning off metrics will result in incomplete or missing visualizations.
```

Author: Sounds good!
I have replaced Logstash with `{{ls}}` to align with the standard.

>    * For the best experience with the {{ls}} dashboards, we recommend collecting all of the metrics. Turning off metrics will result in incomplete or missing visualizations.

Reviewer: Can we add a tip tag for these? not sure about the rendering in a bulleted list, but I think seeing this called out a little more might help.

```suggestion
    ::::{tip}
     For the best experience with the {{ls}} dashboards, we recommend collecting all of the metrics. Turning off metrics will result in incomplete or missing visualizations.
       ::::

```

Author: Hm., if we make it with tips, I think it makes sense to move before (* Make sure that...) instructions.
I will see with other changes how it looks like and make proper tip layout.

Author: WDYT this change? - https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/17479/commits/6eb7fe6603c32a4b73fd9db8f70153f472082394
